Power, Character, Honesty, Ethics

  There was once a proud elephant who always bullied smaller animals. He would go to the anthill near his home and spray water at the ants. 
The ants, with their size, could do nothing but cry. The elephant just aughed and threatened the ants that he would crush them to death. 
One day, the ants had enough and decided to teach the elephant a lesson. They went straight into the elephant’s trunk and started biting 
him. The elephant could only howl in pain. He realized his mistake and apologized to the ants and all the animals he bullied. 
  Be humble and treat everyone with kindness. If you think you’re stronger than others, then use your strength to protect them instead 
of harming them.

Truth, Reality & Honesty

 Once an acquaintance came to meet great philosopher Socrates. He said “Socrates do you know what I just heard about your friend? 
Socrates stared back at him and asked before telling me anything I would like you to pass a little test-triple filter test.
Socrates asked are you absolutely sure that what you are going to tell me is true. Men replied in negative.
Socrates then asked is what you are about to tell me about my friend something good? Men replied in negative.
Socrates then asked final filter is what you want to tell me about my friend going to be useful for me? Men replied in negative.
Socrates then said Well, if what you want to tell me is neither true nor good nor useful than why tell it to me at all?

Practice makes a man perfect

  There was once a pottery teacher called Brian. One month, he decided to split his class into two groups. Group A had to make a pot every day for 30 days (so 
30 pots in total). Group B had to work on a single pot for the whole 30 days. At the end of the month, Brian judged the quality of the pots. Without 
exception, every one of the top 10 pots came from Group A, the guys that made one pot per day. None came from the group that focused on perfecting 
their single pot. Perfection can only be achieved by learning from the mistakes. Group A practiced for 30 times but group B only once and hence 
there was mediocrity in work of group B. Practice makes a man perfect.
